Chen Guoran, you'd better confess yourself
Otherwise, wait until I find out the truth about this anti-stripping product
Then you wait to bear my anger
What are the consequences of using me as a gun?
Sorry Boss Zhou
I was wrong. I was obsessed.
I dropped the bag.
Sorry Mystic Orchard
It really is you
Go away and don't let me see you again
What's the situation, sir?
Adults do not
He had a heart attack.
Where is the nearest hospital?
Recently in the hospital
It will take at least half an hour to take a taxi.
He looks like this.
You can only stick to 10 at most.
I know a cardiologist.
He lives nearby
I'll call him right away and have him come over
This is shock from a viral heart attack.
I'll use acupuncture to stabilize his condition first
Then you have to rush to the hospital for surgery
Stop, if you go down
He will kill you